Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Every keystroke!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I feel tastes love!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Riding the water!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: You're doing this!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Ask for the rest!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Shine bright in the last day ahead.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Outskill the rest! Give it your own!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Give it your back!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Let's push the lead!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Underneath a glow of a thousand dreams You're reaching higher Burstin' at the seas.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: A spark ignites!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: It's more than just a star.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Two… Takes a hundred hours of In your heart.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: And every step… Every truck… Is a ladder to the sky.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Shin'!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: In the quiet hour When the world's asleep Building bridges wide.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: You're diving deep.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: In your…
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The future's here You're shaping today
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Shiny weather!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Every plan, you're building dreams with your own
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The universe bends to your light. You're writing the story, you're changing the night.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Shining!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The clock ticks loud, the race begins.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: A hundred hours to break with it. If you're just calling, don't look
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: AI's the train, stay on its track!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The universe shifts when
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Let's kill the
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I've given Video, baby!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Teams in vain!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Let's kill the rain!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: 14 days to change the tide.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Release the spark you hold inside.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Generative waves, you'll learn to ride!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The galaxy where your skin is!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: You've got the
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Turn the unknown into… Oh, you're loud!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Outskill the rain!
Dileep Karri: Hello, everyone. A very good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to all of you.
Dileep Karri: Good, good to be back, always. I like teaching the cohort, especially this cohort, because this is a cohort where I don't have to be, you know, very safe, so to say, okay? I can come, and I can do some crazy stuff and get away with it.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, my audio is very low. Everybody else, is my audio low? Can you just… Check it once…
Dileep Karri: Because usually.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, I think she'll be fine.
Dileep Karri: Okay, maybe increase the volume or URN for those of you who are there. All right, so…
Dileep Karri: what I'm going to do, today, while I will start with,
Dileep Karri: Claude Skills 2.0, and expect that teaching to be around 1 hour.
Dileep Karri: The next one hour, I'm going to go a little off-script, okay, and try to do some bit of advanced stuff. That means, what I'm going to do is, I will actually, you know, take a recent tweet of Andri Karpatay. Have you seen the recent tweet on personal knowledge bases?
Dileep Karri: Anybody, have you seen the tweet by Andrei Karpatay on the personal knowledge basis? Yes.
Dileep Karri: I will try to build a personal knowledge base on the call.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this one will be completely off-script.
Dileep Karri: In the sense that I did not prepare exactly how I will build that personal knowledge base. I'm going to figure out, I'm going to see the tweet, I'm going to do some research.
Dileep Karri: And then figure out in terms of, okay, what do I need to do that? I'll not use Obsidian. Again, that is a little niche overall. What I'll try to do is, I will try to take the knowledge base, my personal knowledge base, something I have created way back
Dileep Karri: sometime over in 21-22, and I thought it's a good time for me to, you know, kind of build a small thing out of it, okay? I'll take some
Dileep Karri: part of those knowledge bases and see what we can do from that, okay? So that is the idea that I have. So, I am not sure if I'll be able to complete that within the time, okay? So, within the time of our session, I might not be able to do the complete setup, because
Dileep Karri: This is something in real time I'm trying, but what I want to show you is, as your program is kind of ending, okay, the program ends, but the learning continues, as, I hope you know that for the… most of you are from the, program, Accelerator, so we are doing… going to do some sprints.
Dileep Karri: And,
Dileep Karri: we are thinking of what we can do for the Catalyst program also, so we will also think about that and see what we can do for you all. Again, no promises. We will think about it, and I hope to see some of you on 23rd.
Dileep Karri: May 23rd, that's what I mean, May 23rd, right? Not April 23rd, don't get scared. May 23rd is the date. I hope to see, some of you there, and, we will have, would love to meet some of you, at least in person.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, that is the idea, where the first half of the session, we will go with Claude Skills 2.0. I will tell you some of the skills that I'm using, and I'll show you the anatomy of how I build the skill, how I improve the skill. So, this session, right,
Dileep Karri: it will be advanced. So, the location is Bangalore, or location is Bangalore. In Bangalore, the location, we are still figuring it out, okay? So, the location is Bangalore. It is a Saturday, so you don't have to worry, where, you know, how do you reach a place, etc. It is easy to travel on Saturday, and morning traffic is going to be less. So, you can, you know, at least your tickets, your travel can be
Dileep Karri: booked.
Dileep Karri: for the event.
Dileep Karri: place, as soon as we, you know, kind of, you know, fix it, you will, know first, okay?
Dileep Karri: Alright, so… let me…
Dileep Karri: Great.
Dileep Karri: So, what we are going to do is, first, we will understand a bit of the Claude, skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: For those of you who are saying tentative details, time, etc, assume that the event starts at 10am and goes on till late night, okay? At least assume that that full day you are with us.
Dileep Karri: Based on that, you can plan. More details will follow. We are still in the planning space. We want to at least fix the date, and that's why telling that in advance, the 23rd May is the date you can fix.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Okay, back to the session.
Dileep Karri: So what I'm going to do is, I'm going to…
Dileep Karri: divide session in two parts. First part, I will explain what Claude skills.
Dileep Karri: 2.0 is, okay? We will build…
Dileep Karri: We will try to build a Claude Skill 2.0 version. We'll find what is the thing that is different.
Dileep Karri: From the version 1, which is of Claude's skills, overall, okay? And, we will try to see how, what is different, how can we build it. Plus, I will try to actually show you some skills
Dileep Karri: that I use on a day-to-day basis. So, skills that I use, which I feel you can also continue to use, you can also think about using these skills, so that it might help you in your work, okay? Second part, I'm going to go full off-script, full ninja, and try to build a personal knowledge base as per Karpathy's thing.
Dileep Karri: By… from scratch.
Dileep Karri: I will show you how I typically explore, build skills, and, you know, try to make it work, okay?
Dileep Karri: So… Let me tell you about skills, and if you remember about Claude Skills, they are like playbooks.
Dileep Karri: They are, like, recipes of a chef.
Dileep Karri: So, if you are a chef, that is a recipe that you are trying to build. Claude skills are like playbooks, they are recipes of a chef, that you are trying to cook, they are recipes that you are trying to parcel.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now, a question to you is… Do you think the recipes remain constant.
Dileep Karri: Or, improve over time.
Dileep Karri: Do the recipes of a food item, do they remove constant, remain constant, or improve over time? Okay? So, congrats to everybody on getting it right, okay? It improves over time.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, you need a system to check
Dileep Karri: in terms of how these recipes remain constant, how they improve, and you need to keep it checked, okay? I'll give you a practical example, okay? So, I have a skill I made called LinkedIn Driver.
Dileep Karri: Okay, there's a skill called LinkedIn Writer, that is the skill I have, and down this session, I will actually open it up and demonstrate to you how it works, everything else.
Dileep Karri: So, let me, open that.
Dileep Karri: So first, I'll show you the output of it.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is my…
Dileep Karri: LinkedIn profile, this is where I am, and I wanted to show you some of the
Dileep Karri: posts that I have done, okay? So, just to give you an idea of how my, method is, etc.
Dileep Karri: So, this is one of the very recent posts that I have done.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Where I talked about, you know, there was this… Google had, reviewed 4,000 AI startup pitches, but they picked only 5, right? And, you know, what happened was.
Dileep Karri: a lot of startups were rejected as wrappers, that is, products that live and die by someone's next release. So I wrote, some parts on what it is. I create… I had this cheat sheet, which I have created completely, and, you know, this is the…
Dileep Karri: posting with a lot of comments, plus decent engagement. I got 6,500 impressions. See, one thing is, I'm very clear that my posts are not meant to go viral.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I have it clear in my head. I… what I write is very deep, technical stuff, or non-technical, yet deep stuff. It is not something that people consume, like, you know, something that is
Dileep Karri: you know.
Dileep Karri: dopamine effect. It's not a dopamine, thing that I put across, okay? So there is a specific thing that I want to write, there's a specific thing I want to get here. So this entire LinkedIn post has been built by my LinkedIn writer skill, including this, complete, you know, the cheat sheet, okay? This cheat sheet with all the content.
Dileep Karri: And, you know, writing the date, as well as my name, a kind of personal branding style. So, all of that, you know.
Dileep Karri: it has been actually built by my LinkedIn skill, okay? So this is something I deeply believe in, this is something that is my thoughts, okay? I build it with AI, but there is a soul of mine that contains, that's why I have built this out. So I don't expect things to go viral. It is just educational, it is just something that I like. I write for what I like.
Dileep Karri: So today in the session, I will actually, set up something, write something, use the skill in front of you, and set it up something for tomorrow. I'll show you my complete process of how I do that, so that the idea is you understand
Dileep Karri: To what extent you can allow AI to do things for you, okay? I just wanted to give you that, kind of approach.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, this entire part, whatever I have come here, I have improved this at 3 times. Okay? This LinkedIn writer, the first level is simple, where I give it my voice guide.
Dileep Karri: That is my previous LinkedIn posts.
Dileep Karri: That is, how do I write? How do I write my LinkedIn post? What is the things that I like, etc. So, first level, I gave it my voice guide and asked it to, you know, kind of, you know, complete my voice.
Dileep Karri: Then, it was good, but what I… problem I faced was, I faced a lot of AI formatting.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Especially those M-dashes. Those irritating M dashes kept populating my posts.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then, I cleared the… AI… patterns?
Dileep Karri: As the second
Dileep Karri: level of improvement of my LinkedIn writer skill, where I retained my voice, but I cleared the AI patterns, so how do I research and clear the AI patterns? I try to check that up. That is what I did. Third level was, I built a visual
Dileep Karri: grammar.
Dileep Karri: For my…
Dileep Karri: cheat sheets.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now, if you see the visual grammar of my cheat sheets, okay, they follow the outskill branding in a way, in the sense that they look like an outskill brand, but even if somebody does not know the brand of outskill, there is a clear brand color recall.
Dileep Karri: Okay? There are two reasons for that. One thing is, even when, okay, even after, say, you know,
Dileep Karri: after a few times, after a few years, etc, I don't know where life takes us, even if I am somewhere else and somebody reads this post, I am not tied to the brand, okay? So that is something that I took care of.
Dileep Karri: So, anybody who sees this will see that it is my own voice, but **** *** And the playbook I am using over here is the playbook by Lovable.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So the Lovables Playbook is, so for outskill, founder voice is there, okay? Vibe House Voice, you see everywhere. In fact, you see Vibehaus now,
Dileep Karri: there in IG was earlier what he was doing. Now, LinkedIn is something which is being done, again, once again, LinkedIn, a lot of LinkedIn writing. Vibehow is active on X, but there's a different way we are doing the X part for Vibehow, okay? X is all geeky, nerdy stuff.
Dileep Karri: If you look at Twitter of Weibo, and you see the kind of posts he's doing, it is all geeky and nerdy.
Dileep Karri: Then, YouTube.
Dileep Karri: is all, you know, master classes and AI updates.
Dileep Karri: Now, this is a typical founder voice, founder branding that is required. So, what Lovable does differently is, it also does employee branding.
Dileep Karri: What it means is, Lovable encourages the employees also to post
Dileep Karri: So that they… and it doesn't mean that you're posting on the company or what you're doing, etc. You are just posting on what you like.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Eventually, what happens is the… because people check out who you are, they check your company, and they see that there are a lot of people, who are at, say, a company talking about AI, that overall lifts the brand value.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, base is that Webhub has actually put a lot of, I'm not a person who typically writes regularly, okay?
Dileep Karri: I'm more an introverted person. The most extroverted you'll ever see me is on sessions where I'm teaching people, okay? And that way it is convenient because everybody is behind a Zoom screen, I don't have to physically interact with you.
Dileep Karri: Okay? That, that is the, introverted, you know, that is the kind of things with the introvert. Okay, so, when, we have this,
Dileep Karri: You know, gatherings, physical gatherings with,
Dileep Karri: you know, real people physically, right? Especially, you should check out my posts when I'm giving out certificates, etc. You'll see a extremely stiffened version of me, because I feel very awkward sitting on stage, you know, standing on stage, giving out certificates, you know, very conscious about that, like, I feel that
Dileep Karri: you know, a lot of introverted shakes I get. It took some time for me to come up, but that's the reason I don't really work on, you know, trying to become a thought leader, influencer, blah blah blah. I don't like the term influencer at all, because I don't think influencer, it is about communicator, what you communicate with people. So…
Dileep Karri: As part of that, I started posting
Dileep Karri: You know, kind of LinkedIn, and I'm focusing on LinkedIn, right? Viva has been telling me, you get on Instagram, do some reels, etc. I told you, first, let me focus on this and do some sessions. I will figure out that thing later on, okay? So the reason I'm saying this is, a skill is not a static
Dileep Karri: piece. That means you built a skill, and you came with a recipe, right? It does not improve over time. Like, it's not that it is static, you built it, you left it kind of stuff.
Dileep Karri: it continuously improves and evolves, okay? Your voice improves, the way you do things improves, you find some additional things that you can, you know, add which can improve the skill, and that is what Anthropic also noticed.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Are you guys clear about why, you know, a skills evolving needs to be happening? Because, you build a version 1, then you get Wiser, you build a version 2, then you get wiser, and you build a version 3. Similarly, how can I…
Dileep Karri: build different versions, etc, and all that. That is exactly what you do. So, by the way, I'm saying lovable, not the platform, lovable, the company.
Dileep Karri: Company strategy of lovable.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So there are a lot of companies that do this strategy. One more company is called Morning Brew, where they used to do that. Employer branding used to be
Dileep Karri: a lot, they used to encourage employees to post, that used to lift the overall branding pushes. Anyways, so you continuously keep improving the skill, so then there is one more problem that comes, okay? And I'll give you an example. Let us assume that we are in the…
Dileep Karri: C'est… maybe 19…
Dileep Karri: Okay, how do I put this? Okay, let's go with it. Let us assume that, you were, having a tandoor.
Dileep Karri: In the old kitchens, and you were making a…
Dileep Karri: tandoor naan, okay? It's a special type of roti preparation. Sorry, I'm not able to get the right analogy over here. So, for people who don't understand this, bear with me, it is a type of a flatbread, so to see.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Volker, especially you, I hope you understand what naan is. It's a flatbread, and pita bread, yes. Pita bread, etc, and all that. People who are abroad, I hope you get the analogy. Okay? Now, let us assume that in 2027,
Dileep Karri: And you, this tandoor, to make a tandoor naan, you had a recipe skill, which tells you exactly how you should…
Dileep Karri: Knead the bread, how much time should the bread be… bread be cured? When should you… how should you roll it? How should you apply it to the oven? How much time should you allow it to bake, and then take the roti, or the bread, out of the
Dileep Karri: Ava.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is the version. Now, let us assume that in 2027, there is a RoboTandor that has come into play.
Dileep Karri: Okay? What the Robotandoor does is, you give it the… the bread dough.
Dileep Karri: out comes a very fresh tandoor naan.
Dileep Karri: Okay? You just have to make the dough, and you get the tandoorna.
Dileep Karri: Do you think… This skill… Still has relevance in such a scenario.
Dileep Karri: Where you have a robot Tundur.
Dileep Karri: Okay, you give the bread, let us assume that it has an automatic fermentation engine, AFE, trademark.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Which can ferment it also, which can do any sort of stuff, and build the tandoora.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Do you still think the skill of how you should roll the bread, how you should apply it to the oven, etc, the naan, do you think it is still relevant?
Dileep Karri: What do you guys think? Yes or no on the chat?
Dileep Karri: Do you still think that skill is relevant?
Dileep Karri: Okay? On the process-wise, no.
Dileep Karri: Because when you are directly giving the bread daw and a tandoor comes out, what is the need for you to kind of build it out, everything? Why does that skill need to exist?
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now, let me change this analogy into a different thing.
Dileep Karri: Let us assume that GPT-6 is launching.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And, there is some leaks, etc, coming that GPT-6 is expected anytime soon.
Dileep Karri: GPT-6 is launching, and GPT-6 has got a great data analysis Big deal.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: GPT-6, or you can call, something like Opus, File, so to say.
Dileep Karri: Opus 5 also can come in.
Dileep Karri: And Opus 5 is very good at data analysis, so much so that any data analysis skill
Dileep Karri: That you have.
Dileep Karri: With the data analysis skill, Without the data analysis skill, the output improvement is not there.
Dileep Karri: That means a lot of the process that you thought you need to give as a skill is already institutionalized.
Dileep Karri: Okay, because your model has improved.
Dileep Karri: Or think of it, your equipment has become so great that you don't require a specific skill to do better. You do normal also, it'll get the same output. When you try to do better also, you get the same output. Everything gets baked in.
Dileep Karri: So your skill, in a way, becomes useless.
Dileep Karri: Right? Are you seeing the two scenarios? One thing is, your skill keeps improving.
Dileep Karri: And the other thing is, your skill becomes useless because your base model has become so good.
Dileep Karri: Where, you know, you don't have to really tell how should you apply the tandoor to the tandoor nun, the dough to the tandoor, because there is a robot which will take care of doing all of that, you just have to feed the dough, it will take care of the rest. So the skill becomes useless.
Dileep Karri: Alright? So, what it means is two things.
Dileep Karri: One, Skills can evolve.
Dileep Karri: Whatever skills you're trying to build can evolve.
Dileep Karri: 2. Skill Scan, become… obsolete.
Dileep Karri: Okay? For example, if you remember in the previous session, I had this landing page copy skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I have the landing page copy skill. Now, if my Opus 6
Dileep Karri: He's excellent at building great copy.
Dileep Karri: Okay, the so-but-so, that the skill doesn't provide any improvement.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, that is what is happening. So, in terms of the model, the capability is so good that the skill becomes obsolete.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Is this point clear? Okay? I don't want to go on any tangents about what is happening in the AI world, etc, etc, and all that, but I want you to understand, do you understand this case? That skills can become evolved, skills can become obsolete.
Dileep Karri: So, Anthropic realized that skills can evolve, skills can become obsolete, so the current Way.
Dileep Karri: Building skills.
Dileep Karri: is not… Sufiship.
Dileep Karri: So the current way of building skills is not at all sufficient. You need an upgrade to your skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? You need an upgrade to the skills. So, the evaluation is to improve the skill is built in, in effect. So, dealers, don't get confused. Okay, let me complete my piece, then I think it'll become clear. I'm just in the midway of explaining why… what is the evaluation that Anthropic had made. Just hold on.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So skills can evolve, because your processes evolve, so skills have to evolve. Skills can become obsolete, because your base model has improved its work on that skill, so you don't really need to work on the skill anymore.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So therefore, Anthropic decided that the current way of building skills is not sufficient, and they added an additional layer to your skill, which is called EVAS.
Dileep Karri: Okay, they added an additional layer to the skill called evals, and evals is nothing but a way to test
Dileep Karri: pings.
Dileep Karri: And… Check.
Dileep Karri: How to improve. Evils means evaluations.
Dileep Karri: EVAS is nothing but how do you test things and check how to improve those things overall. So that is what evaluations is.
Dileep Karri: So now Anthropic has built evaluations within skills itself, so now you no longer can build just the skill, right? You can even evaluate your skill, see where it is doing good, where it is doing bad, and if you want, you can improve the skill also.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so that is what Anthropic has built in. Very small change, but has a very big implication overall, and we will see that in demo also.
Dileep Karri: So that is what has happened. I also want to leave you with a thought on two types of skills, which are kind of important in the sense that these skills do not ever change
Dileep Karri: Like, for example, okay, let me explain what I mean by this. One skill, I call it, like, a skill boost.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And the skill boost comes because Of your domain understanding.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And one example of a skill boost type skill, okay? These are types of skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Skill boost is, for example, your, your current, say, Your current AI does not
Dileep Karri: build… landing page… Copy properly.
Dileep Karri: So, you put in a skill.
Dileep Karri: Where you explain the rules of Copy.
Dileep Karri: To give it a boost.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Because your AI does not know how to write a good landing page. You tell, these are the rules. To write a good landing page, follow this, don't follow this.
Dileep Karri: That is a skill boost. Okay, landing page, if it does not know how to do it, landing page copy is a skill boost.
Dileep Karri: One more, great thing is AI…
Dileep Karri: UI, the user interface with the help of AI. When you try to build any kind of web application front-end, everything looks the same, in case of… if you directly ask it to build it. Only if you have a skill which gives you particular rules, then only you see that the UI becomes more beautiful.
Dileep Karri: Is this part clear about skill boost? It's where your domain understanding comes into place, and you are uplifting the current skill level of the LLM with your domain understanding. That is the part of the skill over here. Clear, everyone, what the skill boost is?
Dileep Karri: Okay? It is your built-in domain knowledge. So, this is why, if you have got 10 plus even years of experience, you go so deep on a domain skill that you can build skills which AI could miss.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Second is playbook skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Playbook skill is something very personal.
Dileep Karri: Okay? For example, my LinkedIn writer.
Dileep Karri: is a playbook skill. Why?
Dileep Karri: Claude writes posts very well, okay? It doesn't need a skill boost of writing good posts.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it does not require any skill boost. But because I have my own way of writing.
Dileep Karri: I need to teach it the skill to write like me.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so that is what I call a playbook skill. That means my personal playbook of LinkedIn writing, my personal playbook of Twitter post writing, my personal playbook of email communications, my personal playbook of
Dileep Karri: You know, meeting notes, structuring, my personal playbook of how knowledge needs to be built, etc, all that. So that is my own stuff.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is… the types of skills are skill boost, where I am using my domain understanding to increase the uplift. Playbook, where I am telling to make it do my own, right? Like me, there is no skill that is improved, it is just the personalization that I'm bringing in into the skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Skill boost can always be…
Dileep Karri: changed when a new model comes in, but playbooks cannot be changed, because playbooks are something very personal.
Dileep Karri: So, even if I get Opus 10, my playbook-type skills are safe, whereas my skill-boost-type skills, those are in danger, because by then, maybe my AI knows how to write an excellent landing page copy.
Dileep Karri: Alright, is this part clear about the types of skills that you can build and everything? I'm telling this because you will know in future which skill are something you need to keep evolving, and which skills you know are safe, because these are something that AI can never learn or touch.
Dileep Karri: Okay, clear so far, everybody? Good to go?
Dileep Karri: Alright.
Dileep Karri: So now, I'm going to actually build a skill line.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I will use the skill creator.
Dileep Karri: And actually build a skill, live, for,
Dileep Karri: everyone, and for this, what I'll do is…
Dileep Karri: I will build this skill on Claude code itself.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I will build it on Claude Code, because on Claude, I know it is super easy. There are some nuances I want to show you, so I will build it on Claude Code, but for demonstration, I will also build a skill on Claude, so that people who are comfortable with Cloud can build it on Claude. People who are comfortable with Cloud Code can build it on Claude Code. It's completely up to do.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, so Claude co-work is similar, okay? So, it is Claude or Claude Co-work is super same, there is absolutely no difference. So, I would prefer, because I have used very less co-work, to be very frank. Maybe when I…
Dileep Karri: become better at co-work. Maybe I'll do one special session for all of you.
Dileep Karri: co-work later on, and you can join in. But right now, I'm more comfortable with Claude and ClaudeCode, because I didn't find a delta for me of improvement to switch from
Dileep Karri: code took overwork. It feels like a step down for me, in a way. I… either I'm on cloud code, or I'm on Claude.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I go to Claude.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And, I go to Settings.
Dileep Karri: On this thing.
Dileep Karri: In settings, there are capabilities, okay? In settings, there are capabilities.
Dileep Karri: Click on Capabilities, if you see.
Dileep Karri: They have been skills, okay, they have mood skills also, okay, great.
Dileep Karri: So, these are skills. You can go to capabilities, and you can access your skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I go to my skill creator.
Dileep Karri: And if you see here, the main change of your skill creator is this eval viewer.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Which can run evaluations on the new skill, and show you how the skill has actually done.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is the…
Dileep Karri: evaluer that can actually, you know, work on the skill and tell you exactly how to do it.
Dileep Karri: Right? So now what I'll do is…
Dileep Karri: I will try to create a new skill. Any ideas of skills you have that you want me to create? I have something in mind, I just want to check on the chat. If you have got some ideas for skill creation, I will try to pick those, or I'll just try to pick something of my own.
Dileep Karri: Data architecture, refactor code, competitive, intelligence, paid ads generator.
Dileep Karri: Because, later on, I will need to test it also, okay? So, how do I test it becomes…
Dileep Karri: Pretty, important.
Dileep Karri: Anyways, I'll, let me… Pick something for now.
Dileep Karri: I'll, pick up on, chat, and let us do this.
Dileep Karri: Let me just go to skills.sh and see what is it that we can build.
Dileep Karri: Okay, there is a copywriting skill. As somebody mentioned, there's a good copywriting skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Mmm… I will, try to build a…
Dileep Karri: Newsletter copywriting skill, okay? I'll take a newsletter copy skill, that is what I'll try to build right now.
Dileep Karri: I want to build a…
Dileep Karri: newsletter copywriting skill, wherein I want to give a dump of my AI news, and I want to take the dump of the AI news, and then it should look at the
Dileep Karri: understanding of the AI news, add some nuances and commentary, and then write a very personalized or a very compact newsletter, so that it is accessible for non-technical people about AI, and how that particular news item affects them.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is okay, stayed okay also. I have a…
Dileep Karri: AI News Curator skill. So, there is an AI News Curator Skill already present.
Dileep Karri: Which… You can use as the… input.
Dileep Karri: Ask me.
Dileep Karri: clarifying… Questions?
Dileep Karri: Before you… Build the skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay, skill creation is same. Skill creator, you mention what you want, it will create the skill. Post this is where we will actually do some evaluation.
Dileep Karri: So, there is an AI update curator skill, which we use for collecting the AI updates that happened in the last 15 days. Okay, so it gives me a top 10 AI news bulletin with viral tool pics and the India-specific news. Okay, that gives me a solid sense of the input about your newsletter's voice and audience.
Dileep Karri: My newsletter's reader is a non-technical person who is very curious about AI. These are typically small business owners and corporate professionals who are working with at least 5 plus years of experience.
Dileep Karri: They could be solopreneurs also.
Dileep Karri: What is your personal voice like?
Dileep Karri: I think I'll give you a few links of my writing, and from that, you can infer my personal voice.
Dileep Karri: how this affects you, so basically, I want to say,
Dileep Karri: If you are in a founder or a business, this is how this news should affect you. If you are a working professional, this is how this news should affect you. That is typically the commentary that I want to get added.
Dileep Karri: So currently, I want you to pick the top 3 to 5 and go deeper on the commentary. I don't want to put all 10 overall. I guess I can go for a 3-4 minute read, a good, well-formatted read, that is there overall. Don't have a recurring structure in mind. I think I'll evolve it as I go on.
Dileep Karri: Commentary is more like.
Dileep Karri: This could change the way you create presentations in future, because this is happening. This could change the way you are working with agents, if you're working with AI agents.
Dileep Karri: This should change the way. That is, something that you have. For now, you can keep the India-specific lens aside. So the workflow would be…
Dileep Karri: when I say…
Dileep Karri: write the newsletter and use the AI updates, then it should change automatically from the output. When I say write the newsletter, and I don't give specific instruction of using AI updates, then it should take in my input format of what I want to create the newsletter. Maybe instead of curation, I have some specific news I want to use, so I want the skill to be
Dileep Karri: Able to handle both.
Dileep Karri: Output format should be, typically a marked-on file. That is the output format that I want to use.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So… Just a second.
Dileep Karri: my previous articles.
Dileep Karri: Just to capture my voice, so I have this, You know…
Dileep Karri: I have not written very… for a long time, but still, it's…
Dileep Karri: a decent way to get it, so I have this newsletter.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, for example, I will pick this up.
Dileep Karri: I will… And this…
Dileep Karri: So, again, don't worry about memorizing the prompts, okay? Right now, you should not be thinking about memorizing the prompt, what it does, etc. The… my prompt is a response to the questions.
Dileep Karri: What are my questions that Claude is asking? What is my response for what I'm trying to build? You should never memorize a prompt, okay? Now you're in catalyst towards the end, you know, you should never memorize the prompt. You should use AI to build your prompt, as well as tell exactly what is it that you want to make it work with.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So this is just my response to these questions which was given. It's not a prompt, it is a response.
Dileep Karri: So now it is reading my articles to understand my voice and style before drafting this skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay, conversational but authoritative. You structure ideas with clear headers and bullets for easy scanning, reference books, research and frameworks to add weight, explore nuance, bold for concepts, accessible prose, no jargon walls, so it has picked up those elements from
Dileep Karri: my writing, so now I will be able to build a skill.
Dileep Karri: So now, you should, always a good idea to see what it is writing, so you'll see the skill.md, a voice, reference file, and all of that.
Dileep Karri: Yes, this is a playbook skill. In a way, it's a playbook skill.
Dileep Karri: See, for a point of view of the tool, whether it is skill or playbook skill, doesn't matter. Playbook skill, skill updation is something that you are there, okay?
Dileep Karri: So now it is testing the skill by writing a sample newsletter. So it has curated some 4 news stories, and then it is preparing a draft newsletter content.
Dileep Karri: Okay, earlier the skill was not doing this, so now it is doing this. After this, I'll show you what is the other test you should do, so that you can check how your skill has been created.
Dileep Karri: So now it is…
Dileep Karri: Yes, history and experience together, so it could be an intersection skill also, right? It could be a playbook as well as a skill updation.
Dileep Karri: So, sample newsletter, what it is saying, AI just learned to use your computer, now what? Something shifted this week.
Dileep Karri: Not the usual bigger model. Your AI assistant no longer needs you to copy-paste. If you're a founder or running the business, this is the moment AI moves from a helpful chatbot to actual employee. If you're a working professional, this changes your career calculus. The skills that made you valuable are good at navigating the tools.
Dileep Karri: Okay? But now, I don't really know if my voice really made a change to this or not.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I will do this.
Dileep Karri: I want to test this skill and run some evals.
Dileep Karri: So what I want is, use the same four stories, and build one sample newsletter, which is using… which is built without the skill, another sample newsletter, which is built with the skill, with the same four, inputs of user stories.
Dileep Karri: Check it in terms of
Dileep Karri: how it has customized it to the audience that I'm writing for, in terms of whether it is giving me helpful, actionable tips for business person, whether it is giving me helpful tips for working professionals, whether it is easy to read for a non-technical audience.
Dileep Karri: Whether there is too much of jargon, all of that rated on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being very poor and 10 being the highest.
Dileep Karri: Right? So now, what I'm doing is, I want to actually, set the baseline newsletter and, do the rest. So, I'm able to do this. So, what it'll do is.
Dileep Karri: It is now writing 4 stories, the same 4 stories. GPT 5.4 can operate your computer. Google's TurboQuant cuts memory costs by 6x.
Dileep Karri: Anthropics MCP Classes 97 installs. OpenAI retires GPT-4.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now, there is a baseline newsletter, and there is a skill version alongside it, so then it is going to compare the word counts across the different things.
Dileep Karri: So it is going to orchestrate an independent evaluation using the API itself.
Dileep Karri: So, when you build a skill, okay, use this process because of Claude Skills 2.0, you are able to run now evaluations and check if the skill is really required, if the skill is creating that delta improvement that you want, and if you are not.
Dileep Karri: Looking at it, you can see this. For example, look at this. Baseline no skill is 28 out of 50. With skill, it is 42 out of 50.
Dileep Karri: Okay, this is the essence of Claude Skills 2.0. That means there are inbuilt evals, and these evals I can prompt, because the skill creator has that eval section. I can say, build me without the newsletter, build me with the newsletter, etc. So,
Dileep Karri: Orchestrated comparative newsletter evaluation framework, baseline, no skill, 28 out of 50, with skill, 42 out of 50. Audience customization, no skill, 5 out of 10. Audience customization, 99 out of 10. Business tips, 4 out of 10, 8 out of 10.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Professional, tips 4 out of 10, 8 out of 10.
Dileep Karri: Then, non-technical readability, 5 out of 10, 9 out of 10. Low jargon, 6 out of 10, 8 out of 10.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Further, you can see here, audience customization. Baseline, it addresses developers and enterprise users. Here, it is, you know, kind of addressing them.
Dileep Karri: Actionable tips for business people, generic statements, names, concrete scenarios.
Dileep Karri: Actionable tips for professionals.
Dileep Karri: developers and users directly addresses carrier implications. Non-technical readability. TurboQuant becomes the expensive infra that makes AI work is gravitating dramatically more affordable. Uses terms like KV cash.
Dileep Karri: Polar quant vector rotation without any kind of explanation. Lower jargon, Agent AKI, OS world verified benchmark, induces Agent AKI, but immediately explains it, avoids benchmark scores, only uses jargon. Full eval breakdown, which are where both newsletters are available side by side.
Dileep Karri: Okay? The skill improved the score from 28 to 42, a 50% lift across all five criteria. The biggest gaps showed up in, like, a tech blog recap instead of the story into pain language.
Dileep Karri: Okay, room to improve. The WithSkill version scored 8 out of 10 on business tips, meaning there is room to make the actionable advice even more specific, and the language even more accessible.
Dileep Karri: Right? It has told this, right? I will say.
Dileep Karri: Since you said there is still room to improve, tell me how to improve the skill, give me the procedure, like, give me your inputs, and then we'll try to improve the skill further.
Dileep Karri: So now, what I'm doing is, before I finalize the skill, I can actually improve it, because it has told here that I can improve this skill further.
Dileep Karri: Everybody following, right? How I have run evals to check… what I'm checking is, without the skill, how is this clot doing? And, you know, with the skill, how is Claude doing? And I know the gap, the baseline, that I can improve further.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so gap 1, it says business tips are directional, but not specific enough. Add one concrete next step and everything. Then professional tips stay at the philosophy level. Try to fix that with a specific skill, tool, or behavior shift.
Dileep Karri: Jargon sneaks in when it feels necessary, so try to fix that. Y should be distinctly yours. Here is the procedure to follow. I'll say…
Dileep Karri: Go ahead.
Dileep Karri: And make good changes.
Dileep Karri: So, I am not just building a skill, I am testing it, I am asking it to explore the gap, and allowing it to improve, okay? So, before I run my skill, I try to do anything, etc, I am fixing the skill before I use it, ever.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, it is now adding those signature moves and improving my… Complete skill.
Dileep Karri: Yes, the skills are available in anti-gravity also. I'm not sure if the evals is present, so you should check your skill creator. In anti-gravity, check your skill creator, see if that evals folder is present, so that is how you can do.
Dileep Karri: So, evaluation is just a prompt. It already has an eval still. It's just a prompt. You write the prompt, it will do the evaluation itself.
Dileep Karri: So now, with the same story, okay, with the same four stories, it is going to write the new newsletter, okay? Let us see how it comes out.
Dileep Karri: Okay, every story has a founder professional commentary split. Every business commentary ends with a specific, next step. Every professional commentary asks specific skill, tool, behavior. No banned, jargon, no inference, so…
Dileep Karri: Everything?
Dileep Karri: Now, it is doing a rescoring. Baseline, 28 out of 50, skill V1, 42 out of 50, skill V2 updated is 47 out of 50.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now you are improving the skill also, and you can use it wherever you want.
Dileep Karri: Okay, good, so you're seeing the improvement, business tips definitely has improved according to its evaluation.
Dileep Karri: So, look at the thing.
Dileep Karri: OpenAI's latest AI model just doesn't answer questions anymore. It can open your files, switch between apps.
Dileep Karri: pull data from one place and paste it into another, all on its own, the way a human would use a computer. If you're running a business, think about every repetitive task your team does, updating your CRM after a sales call, pulling numbers into a weekly report, formatting invoices, that's exactly what this AI can now handle. The gap between a 3% team and a 15% operation just narrowed significantly.
Dileep Karri: This week, make a list of your team's 5 most repetitive computer-based
Dileep Karri: trust. This is your starting point. Very clear, actionable recommendation.
Dileep Karri: Okay? The skills that got you here, being fast at Excel, good at navigating complex tools, efficient data entry, are being absorbed by AI. The compounding advantage now goes to people who are great at deciding what needs to be done, not doing it manually. Try this. Next time you have a repetitive task, use ChatGPT or Claude to do it, and time the difference. That gap is your future in one data point.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is exactly how you
Dileep Karri: run this, and that's it, okay? So, this is how you would do this. So now that your skill is good.
Dileep Karri: Right? I will… Save the skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay? My skill is shared.
Dileep Karri: So how did… let me address some questions before I move on. One thing is how to write proper evals where your deep domain-specific knowledge is not there, especially, like, newsletter writing. One way to do it is…
Dileep Karri: check how other newsletter… best newsletter writers decide on what is a great newsletter, okay? Very simple. For example, let me go to Twitter.
Dileep Karri: Okay? In Twitter, you have everybody who is an expert who is sharing any kind of frame benchmarks, okay? You can say.
Dileep Karri: How to evaluate a good newsletter.
Dileep Karri: Or how to write a good newsletter, okay? Let us search for that.
Dileep Karri: You can use Perplexity, you can use any platform. Right now, I am, kind of going, hey, how to do this?
Dileep Karri: Right? So, I can figure out everything.
Dileep Karri: So you'll have to search for the information, and that information, you convert it saying that, hey, this is the best way to write a newsletter, now convert it into evaluation. Okay, what is the evaluation, that you want to use?
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is exactly how you should… okay, how to write your first 10 newsletters. Okay, great. We got an article of how to write your first 10 newsletters. So, who asked this question to me?
Dileep Karri: him. So, Volker, you have this.
Dileep Karri: copy this onto Claude, and say, now convert it into evaluation criteria I can use.
Dileep Karri: It'll give you that 4 or 5 evaluation criteria. Now, run eval based on that criteria. If you are not an expert, don't try to become the expert, okay? When you try to become the expert, in fact, let me tell you.
Dileep Karri: what Ben Affleck said. Okay, very important for all of you to understand.
Dileep Karri: So, Ben Affleck said this, AI always Tends to the mean.
Dileep Karri: I'm going to geek out, and I'm going to show you a little math. Don't get scared, okay?
Dileep Karri: So what it means is.
Dileep Karri: AI, any topic that AI is trained upon, okay? You think of any topic that AI is trained upon, let us take the example of movie scripts.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Because AI is fed everything, it is trained on every movie script ever written.
Dileep Karri: So, you have 10% movie scripts, which are extraordinarily great.
Dileep Karri: Then you have 10% movie scripts, which are pathetically bad.
Dileep Karri: Then, you have 80% movie scripts, which are okayesh.
Dileep Karri: Okay? That means 10%, 80% of your knowledge is normal, or closer to the mean.
Dileep Karri: So, when you say AI, write a movie story or a movie script for me, because 80% of its training is on okay-ish material, it is going to give you an okay-ish script.
Dileep Karri: That is what Ben Affleck
Dileep Karri: I hope everybody knows who Ben Affleck is, he's a Hollywood actor. Fun fact, he sold his AI startup to Netflix for $600 million.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So…
Dileep Karri: it will give you an okay script. So, how do you move it towards a 10% grade? You should say, try to refer to scripts like Godfather, try to refer to scripts like
Dileep Karri: Shawshank Redemption, try to refer to scripts like this. Use only these scripts as the benchmarks to create a great script. Do this, don't do this. For that, to give it… to push it from the mean towards excellence, you need a domain expert.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it is not as simple as saying, hey, you know, write a movie script like Martin Scorsese. Sources say, if I have to pronounce correctly, or if I'm wrong, just forgive me. What that means is, first of all, do you understand who he is as a person?
Dileep Karri: What are the quirks that he employs when writing a script?
Dileep Karri: What are the ticks of this person? You don't know. When you just say, act as this thing, nothing magical is going to happen. It will still give you as per the mean only. So, push that, you need a domain expert, you need that extra knowledge, and that is why Picasso can produce a masterpiece image
Dileep Karri: I'll be much, much better than you.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So therefore, never try to prompt AI. If it is absolutely needed, where you have no option, then do it. Otherwise, either get in an expert to collaborate with you, or find some expert articles, expert advice, and try to use it as your base to prompt your AI.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: How did I choose the evaluation? I gave the evaluation framework, because I know how my newsletter should look like.
Dileep Karri: What is the delta change that I want from the bare version? I said more, like, audience customization, I said more on the lines of what I wanted, because that is the improvement points of the skill that I'm trying to build.
Dileep Karri: So, in your head, you need to have those skill points.
Dileep Karri: Claude, playbook, skills, etc. So, Mukul, I will park that question, because my opinion, I'm not yet gone too much deep into that. I'll talk more about what I've been working on later, so that then I could do this overall.
Dileep Karri: How do you think about rolling your skills into plugins with specific skills? Do you prefer, you know.
Dileep Karri: Say, individual?
Dileep Karri: Right? Do you prefer individual skills or combine with others? See, if I have some adjacent skills which work with each other very well, I will combine it into plugin.
Dileep Karri: that is there, but I have not yet reached a level where I'm working with 35 skills and, you know, 7 plugins, etc. While people say things like, I built my marketing team with 7 skills, one is a SEO writer, one is an ad writer, etc, etc, I don't believe in that stuff.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I believe in a careful crafting of things, okay? So, I believe in building… I believe in Bruce Lee.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I will make 10,000 improvements to one skill and make it the best, instead of building 10,000 skills, which are useless.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Got it. Right. So, basically, you know, in fact, the best advice on AI I have heard was from Ben Affleck, who talked about this meme. It just blew my mind, like, it is so, you know.
Dileep Karri: it is actually very logical, but nobody has able to articulate it that way, okay? So that is one. Second part was, you know, Matthew McConaughey, okay? If you know Matthew McConaughey, so there was this podcast he was doing with,
Dileep Karri: Timothy Chalamet, on the sidelines of the Oscars.
Dileep Karri: Where, Timothy was telling about AI coming in, taking the actors' jobs, etc, and all that. So this is what Matthew said, okay?
Dileep Karri: Assume that your jobs are taken. Don't think that just because you are going to raise a strike, you are going to do stuff, you cannot control the wave that is coming in, okay? You cannot absolutely do that.
Dileep Karri: What you can do is adapt.
Dileep Karri: So he said the first thing he did when he saw the Will Smith's spaghetti eating video was he went and licensed his digital likeness.
Dileep Karri: That means anybody has to use the AI avatar of Matthew McConaughey. They have to actually pay him money. So I decided, I didn't decide, how can I stop myself from getting replaced with AI.
Dileep Karri: I thought, if I'm getting replaced with AI, how do I get paid?
Dileep Karri: Okay? He changed the problem framing and did that, okay? So,
Dileep Karri: So he said, anybody is free to use it as long as you pay me money, and explain me why you are using it. So that car… I want to retain control on where you use my likeness. I don't want it to, you know, simply say, I don't want to use it, and some person uses it, and
Dileep Karri: you know, does a very bad job of it. So, I want to control the narrative. That is exactly what these people are done. So, I know that you are now very deep into the program, you have reached a very good level. So, I know that when you are talking to people around you, you feel an outlier. Like, you feel like, okay, I'm talking to them, but they're not getting what I'm seeing.
Dileep Karri: Anybody felt that? You are talking to people around you.
Dileep Karri: not, of course, the four, you know, cohort members, right? But people around you otherwise. You will feel that, oh my god, why are they not getting this part to me? Why are they not understanding this? Okay? So, this is the time for you to flip the script and see what you can do and influence that.
Dileep Karri: Right? I'm really happy to see how people feel difficult to handle AI bouncers. That's really great, okay? So…
Dileep Karri: do that. So, by the way, just FYI, flip the script, as in I'm saying, don't try to convince them, okay? Just show them stuff. Build stuff and demonstrate to them. Unless you demonstrate stuff to people, the more you talk about it, it doesn't sink in.
Dileep Karri: You have to do a live demo.
Dileep Karri: Okay? You have to show them that what you are doing, here is a skill that I have built, this will do exactly the same work, but in lesser time.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is exactly how you need to flip the script, that's what I'm saying. So, by the way.
Dileep Karri: You know, When you are…
Dileep Karri: Yeah, so by the way, we are starting a new initiative. Of course, it's open to the Accelerator Fellowship. We will do something for Catalyst also. We are just waiting for a critical piece of cohorts to kind of come together, right? So what we are doing right now in the Catalyst, in the Accelerator is, we are doing, something called sprints.
Dileep Karri: So we just did one sprint on, OpenClaw.
Dileep Karri: The next sprint is going to be, Claude code, plus, you know.
Dileep Karri: anti-gravity, so that I'm going to take, you know, which,
Dileep Karri: I'll be doing it in the next week, okay? Next week, Monday, Tuesday, I'll be taking Cloud Code plus Anti-Gravity. I'm not going to go as deep as I go in the Catalyst, okay? Of course, I cannot go there. I have to keep it at some level, right? And you can… it's an open invitation to all, okay? You can attend that and continue learning, and, you know, this thing will keep going on.
Dileep Karri: We will see what we can do for the Catalyst community also.
Dileep Karri: And, try to see what we can do for you all also. I'm just waiting for the community to go a little bigger. Some more batches, can kind of come in, and then we will put something for you also, maybe once a month, something… we are still thinking about it. We will, definitely try to do something for the catalyst community also.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Awesome. So now, coming back, okay, this is the exciting part, which I thought. I will tell you just 3 skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I will tell you just 3 skills.
Dileep Karri: that, you can use, which has made a lot of difference to my workflow, okay? First, what I'll do is, we will, you know, kind of,
Dileep Karri: what I'll do is, I will show you how I will create my LinkedIn post for tomorrow, live in front of you, okay? I'll do the complete process of my LinkedIn post.
Dileep Karri: Then I'll tell you some skills that I use day in and day out, some 3-4 skills that I use, which are very, very good for your usage. Then we will get into the part wherein I'm going to build a personal knowledge base.
Dileep Karri: All right? Folks, able to follow so far, right? From now on, I'm going to go in more advanced territory. Might feel a little, overwhelming, but that's not my intention. I just want to show you some cutting-edge stuff.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, let me build, like, I thought I will schedule my LinkedIn post in the afternoon, but I thought anyway, as I'm doing the class, let me get two things done at once.
Dileep Karri: All right?
Dileep Karri: Supergro and Nano Banana, great.
Dileep Karri: So here it goes. So what I want to post right now… is…
Dileep Karri: you know, I kind of, run this,
Dileep Karri: AI updates, where it'll give me all the AI updates that have happened, and the one post which I liked, or one post which I felt I should definitely post upon is…
Dileep Karri: Anthropic.
Dileep Karri: Stopping… support.
Dileep Karri: to open clock.
Dileep Karri: Okay, Anthropics stopping support to open.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so now I will show you how I will go about this.
Dileep Karri: complete orchestration of me building a LinkedIn post.
Dileep Karri: with this, okay? Live in front of you.
Dileep Karri: First, I will build it, then I'll explain the logic behind. See, it's a skill only, okay? I will first build it, I will explain the process, then if you have any questions on the skill, etc, happy to answer.
Dileep Karri: Okay, just a second, setting things up.
Dileep Karri: So, we are inside my Cloud code.
Dileep Karri: Okay, we are inside the Claude Code. By the way, I have, you know, I've been trying to use codecs also, so I'm still playing around with codecs, but this is Claude Code.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so first, I will use Claude.
Dileep Karri: Minus, minus… Don't do this, I am doing this because I don't want to get stuck.
Dileep Karri: in, multiple…
Dileep Karri: things, but I don't want to keep waiting on, you know, my permissions for each and everything, so I use this right now. When I actually use it, I don't use this command, okay?
Dileep Karri: Alright, bypass permissions is on. So, there is something that I do. Let me actually share my desktop itself.
Dileep Karri: And if you see some wrong screen, I am either watching an IPL match, or I'm watching an anime, okay? I'm telling it up front.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so… I have done this. Now look at this, okay? I have installed one,
Dileep Karri: You know, a, like, a skill, okay, called Claude Mem, and let me show you that skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay, this is the ClaudeMem skill, okay? I'll show… I'll give you the report also. Okay, ClaudeMem skill, where it tells me exactly what work I have done inside my Cloud code.
Dileep Karri: Okay? For example, there is a podcast that Weibau is planning to attend, and me and Weibau are discussing what are the monetization case studies that we need to present for that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so that is the research I have done. What have I investigated? What have I learned? And what did we complete? The entire work log is present.
Dileep Karri: Okay, then, you know,
Dileep Karri: I have done some deep dive research into voice, AI, and MCP server monetization models. I have done something on AI monetization data across 4 categories.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then there is a workshop design that I'm doing for something called, Raw Talks, okay? Some workshop design I've been doing. So everything that I'm doing inside Claude Code is stored in a memory, and it is called ClaudeMem.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so anytime you are trying to review what have I done in Cloud Code, or you want to mention exactly what did you learn, you can check this out. So this is the GitHub repository called Cloud Mem.
Dileep Karri: Okay? It takes a… it tries to automatically capture everything Claude does during your coding sessions, and compresses it with AI. So you have some memory context of what Claude is exactly doing.
Dileep Karri: Great.
Dileep Karri: Thing to use, and if you are trying to
Dileep Karri: So, this is something that it is built externally, okay?
Dileep Karri: So, Claude also has its own memory, but you can never look at the Claude memory and understand what is it that you have done exactly in this particular manner. Like, the compression, etc, it is beautiful.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So whenever you want to review the work, and you decide, how do I, how do I rate this work done by Claude, etc, this is an excellent, resource to have.
Dileep Karri: Okay? This is something I use day-to-day. If you guys like it, you can use it. All you have to do is take this report, point it to Claude Code, and say, install this skill.
Dileep Karri: it will take care of the rest. So Claude Mem, where you can manage your complete Cloud memory better than what Cloud only does.
Dileep Karri: One thing which happens is clawed memory, right? See, it is not opti… like, see, one thing you need to understand is Anthropic has no…
Dileep Karri: Incentive to optimize your memory or tokens.
Dileep Karri: Yes, there is a plugin as well. You can kind of use it however you want. I use it as a skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So… You… they have no incentive, because the more tokens you use, the more they get money.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is something you have to figure it on your own.
Dileep Karri: Okay, that is the first part, alright?
Dileep Karri: Now, let us go here.
Dileep Karri: And, what I'll do is, I will say, Again, whisper Flow.
Dileep Karri: I want to actually, you know, kind of, write a LinkedIn post on, anthropic cutting off access
Dileep Karri: To open cloth.
Dileep Karri: So I want you to investigate a little bit of what happened, and use the last 30 days skill to investigate different nuances on this.
Dileep Karri: topic.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, there is a skill I use called Last 30 Days. Once it runs, I will tell you what it does. So, I want to write a LinkedIn post on Anthropy cutting off access to, not OpenAI,
Dileep Karri: Anthropic?
Dileep Karri: Cutting off access to…
Dileep Karri: open clock.
Dileep Karri: Lord.
Dileep Karri: OpenAI.
Dileep Karri: From there, paid plans?
Dileep Karri: You need to use… You need to use, dead?
Dileep Karri: Okay.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I am asking it to do this. Last 30 days is a skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Last 30 days is a skill. You will… once you see the output, you will see what it does. Just wait for a few minutes. Last 30 days, researchers on Reddit.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Anthropic cutting off open claw access from paid plans. Okay, so I have to…
Dileep Karri: So it is using some API keys, so it is reading on X, it is reading on Reddit, it is reading on YouTube, and trying to look at this news on Anthropic Open Claw Access Remove Paid Plans API required.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So across Reddit, TikTok, of course, doesn't work for me, because I'm in India, TikTok access is banned. Maybe in US, you will see even TikTok access, but right now, I'm searching on Reddit, I'm searching on Yext, I'm searching on YouTube for different, you know, takes and posts on.
Dileep Karri: what has happened on this particular topic. So, last 30 days is another skill.
Dileep Karri: That was used.
Dileep Karri: So, for the last 30 days skill, you will have to take your XAI API and a bunch of API keys you'll need to do. That is something you'll have to check it out.
Dileep Karri: I did not create, it is already available, okay? There's a large 30-day skill available.
Dileep Karri: Let me show it to you.
Dileep Karri: Okay, you see, in the memory, it has picked up that this is what I wanted to do, and it is present here in my memory.
Dileep Karri: So, there is this skill called Last 30 Days skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I will share it with you.
Dileep Karri: Yes, that is the one, Lonnie, that's correct. That is a skill.
Dileep Karri: So through this skill, what you will do is, you can actually look at multiple sources and try to find out what is the information. It's like a research skill that checks on social media. So for this, you require the XAI API. Okay, so I have invested some money there, I'm testing it out thoroughly. So this is what has elevated my LinkedIn writer skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, the core story here is this.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Where Anthropic cut off all Cloud Pro Max subscription usage inside third-party skills, upgrade effective immediately. The economics were unsustainable, the community reaction is split.
Dileep Karri: The bigger platform play.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, I have defined
Dileep Karri: you know, pillars of my content, like, what is the usual content that I'm writing on? So, this becomes a AI industry takes a contrarian PYPOVs, okay? So, this is what it has done. Anthropic just cut off 135,000 plus open claw users from their subscriptions.
Dileep Karri: The company community is calling it a betrayal. The math tells a different story. Here is what actually happened. The platform subsidy playbook, open the gates, let third-party tools ride your subscription for fee, then you monetize, but at API rates, etc, and all that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so it has written for me, it's a post.
Dileep Karri: which I can use it, okay? Now, the part here is, I never used the first version of the post ever written.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I will always elevate this post.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So this is the process what I'll do.
Dileep Karri: Here, you're talking about the platform subsidy playbook and taking the Anthropix POV.
Dileep Karri: I wanted to take the user POV, because my non-technical users who have been using Anthropic for OpenClaw, those are my users. I want to educate them that there is this playbook that exists, that the company will always prioritize revenue and their usage, not the core niche community of users.
Dileep Karri: So, how do you figure things out, and how do you make it work, is what I would like to focus on.
Dileep Karri: Can you research on this, search on the web, and then, you know, try to tell me what it is that you can, you know, rewrite, what is the POVs you can give me? Give me, like, two, three versions.
Dileep Karri: So, I talk to it like my ghostwriter, okay? Say that, do research, give me two to three words on what I need to build.
Dileep Karri: So, because I want to take the user side of the story. I don't want to take Anthropic's side of the story. They're not paying me anything.
Dileep Karri: So, we can use perplexity for the research, but for the kind of research I am doing.
Dileep Karri: you know, I, I can,
Dileep Karri: You know, kind of, I don't require perplexity. This is good enough for me, for now.
Dileep Karri: Yes, we can do a cron job, but I want to have that human method, so I can do a cron job, right? But
Dileep Karri: I want to be a… I have not evolved my skill to that level that it can build it autonomously and post it on my behalf.
Dileep Karri: I want to still be a participant here, okay? So that's why I have not yet done this.
Dileep Karri: So, it is not the humanized skill that I used, there is something called anti-AI slop, okay? That is a skill I used. I'll show you that also.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now version 1 is rug pull pattern, where Anthropic just pulled the rug. The rug pull playbook, the golden window, your usage spike, the announcement, the sprang scramble, okay? How you protect yourself next time, okay? Never build a critical workflow on a single provider's flat rate plan.
Dileep Karri: Okay, if the math doesn't make sense for them, the price will change.
Dileep Karri: Budget for API costs from day one. Even if you are in a subscription, know what your actual usage would cost at market risk, that is your risk exposure.
Dileep Karri: Keep one foot on a second platform, open router, local models, or a different provider. Switching costs are lowest when you plan for them.
Dileep Karri: Okay, watch the terms of service. Anthropic updated their policy in February. The enforcement came in April. The signal was there for 2 months, if you look at the terms of service, etc. The AI tool you love today will reprice tomorrow. The question isn't if, it is whether you will be ready, what is something, etc. Okay, I can now change it. Then there is one more thing.
Dileep Karri: Which is, your AI workflow just got expensive practical survival for non-technical users. Another POV.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Option 1, switch models inside OpenClaw. Option 2, move to a managed platform. You can… that's your exit ramp. Then option three, use Anthropics credit and bundles wisely. Audit before you spend. Most people don't use Opus for every task.
Dileep Karri: Use Sonnet for 80% reserve Opus for the complex ones, this alone can cut your costs.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: They will choose Revenue Overview.
Dileep Karri: Another POV. So, one is pattern recognition. Readers who follow this, Practical Survival Kit for non-technical users.
Dileep Karri: etc, okay? Now, what I will do is…
Dileep Karri: I want to combine elements from the pattern recognition with the practical survival kit.
Dileep Karri: And I also want to suggest something called OpenCode, so that if, suppose, people want a platform where you can easily switch APIs, I would suggest OpenCode also as a viable alternative to Cloud Code.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is my entire process, where I ask for one angle, I ask for multiple angles, I kind of think about this, and for me, medium effort is more than sufficient. Okay, because I am doing high effort thinking on how my course should look like, so my AI can work with medium effort. I don't require high thinking
Dileep Karri: Overall.
Dileep Karri: So, via the skill, how much ever I try, my nuance and context can never be captured. I have done enough experimentation on that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is exactly what I have, you know, kind of felt that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, this is what it has done. It has built, this out.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: I think this is good. This is exactly what I wanted.
Dileep Karri: Okay, this is good. Now I'll say… This is good.
Dileep Karri: Create a… cheat sheet.
Dileep Karri: Also, with the… TXT 5.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so it will create a cheat sheet to me. So now it is going to read that file, and it is going to write this post for me.
Dileep Karri: So I actually asked it to create new folders for new months, so April month started, so April folder is getting created.
Dileep Karri: Okay, now it is building the note creator skill, which creates my cheat sheets, okay? I don't use Nano Banana, I actually write it with Python itself. So there's a script of Python that does it. I didn't write it, I told this is what I want, and it has…
Dileep Karri: built it for me. So it is taking my fonts, it is going to look at it, and now it is generating the cheat sheet from the post that I'm trying to write.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so as it writes it, I want to show you the other skill that I am using.
Dileep Karri: Okay.
Dileep Karri: So, the other skill that I use…
Dileep Karri: is called… HV, Pandiar.
Dileep Karri: GitHub. He… he's a… he was one of my,
Dileep Karri: Colleagues and I worked at, an academy, Where is it?
Dileep Karri: So there is this anti-AI slop skill.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, stop slop, this was the one.
Dileep Karri: So, I'm…
Dileep Karri: This is the one. So this I used in my LinkedIn writer skill to remove the AI slot from my writing.
Dileep Karri: Okay, this is the anti-AI, stop, slop is the skill.
Dileep Karri: I like this one more than human eyes, because there is a, you know, a rate 1 to 10 on each dimension. If it is below 35, revise it and keep making those changes. So all those M dashes, the structural cliches, there are some band phrases, okay? So there is the…
Dileep Karri: references, and you have the phrases, which are all of these brand phrases, okay? For example, let that sink in, this matters, because here is why that matters. These are all AI patterns, okay?
Dileep Karri: Okay, all of these patterns, I have removed it from my text.
Dileep Karri: So, I didn't have the narrative of the post. I know what I wanted to post upon, but as I saw the POV, I thought, okay, I should not have the company POV, I need to have the user POV. It is something I came up with right now.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So my LinkedIn post is ready, my cheat sheet is also ready. Let us, look at it, which is a companion image, and we will check it out.
Dileep Karri: Okay, let me go to anti-gravity.
Dileep Karri: I will open the folder, Okay, where is my LinkedIn writer?
Dileep Karri: So, I am in April.
Dileep Karri: And, I can…
Dileep Karri: check the LinkedIn post. So, LinkedIn post is here. If I want to make any edits small, I can use it. Okay, for now, I'll…
Dileep Karri: Copy this, LinkedIn post.
Dileep Karri: Then, I have the image, right? So, let me check on the image part.
Dileep Karri: Okay, the Rugpool Survival Kit, what to do when Anthropy cuts off open claw from your subscription.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: It is good, this is decent, it has been built from my skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Decent to use.
Dileep Karri: Okay, and I can… Check it out.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now is the time I will write my post and schedule it, okay? I'll do it also in front of you.
Dileep Karri: I'll go to LinkedIn.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I start a post.
Dileep Karri: I…
Dileep Karri: put the paste of everything. Okay, so there is a problem, there is a maximum character limit that it has exceeded. Okay, maybe I should update my skill to kind of check that out, so let me… So this part, I will do it offline, okay? I will do this part offline.
Dileep Karri: Wherein, I will, remove the, things and set these things up and everything. In fact, I'll do it right now.
Dileep Karri: 357 characters, right?
Dileep Karri: Let us go back to this, this thing.
Dileep Karri: The post that you have created is 357 characters long, so can you update the skill and try to not go over the character limit, or the limit of a LinkedIn post? And can you rewrite this LinkedIn post so that it falls within the character limit?
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I can check it out.
Dileep Karri: Yes, sir. So, Dhanjay, that command, right? What I'm trying to say is, you can have that workaround. If you are smart, Anthropic also will be smarter and somehow find a way to block you.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so you might get even banned. By the way, I… when I went to the recent demo days, one of the demo days, somebody said, I'm using Agent SDK to kind of do some…
Dileep Karri: mind-blowing stuff, but because of that, you know, Anthropic has banned me for 10 days. Okay, then he had to appeal and get back.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now it is updating my skill by saying that the LinkedIn posts have a 3000 character hard limit, so, ensure that you are following this.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'll say hello.
Dileep Karri: For that.
Dileep Karri: Different GPT? I don't think so. You are guiding it, right? So, as long as it creates a good one, I don't think…
Dileep Karri: You have to really worry about that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? This is done.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now that it is done, Go to anti-gravity.
Dileep Karri: Copy this version.
Dileep Karri: Okay, just check what it is. Anthropic just pulled the plug. One day your AI agent works, next day your subscription doesn't cover it. As of April 4, your Cloud Pro or Max plan no longer powers any third-party tool. You now need AI keys and pay-as-you-go billing. This wasn't a surprise, it was a pattern. The rug book pull playbook, Stage 1, Stage 2, Stage 3, Stage 4.
Dileep Karri: Okay, this is good, this is good.
Dileep Karri: Fine, then I add the media, upload from computer, I go to the… LinkedIn writer, April.
Dileep Karri: Do you cheat?
Dileep Karri: Attach it.
Dileep Karri: Next.
Dileep Karri: Then I schedule it, because this is not the right time to post on LinkedIn, so I'll schedule it.
Dileep Karri: So, I will put it for tomorrow.
Dileep Karri: And I will put it in the AM.
Dileep Karri: Okay, around… 915. One quirk I found is I put something around 919.
Dileep Karri: Why? So that people feel that I'm not scheduling, scheduling per se, but
Dileep Karri: I suddenly had a brain wave and wrote it at 9.15.
Dileep Karri: And by 19, I am publishing it.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And then I will say, next.
Dileep Karri: Next.
Dileep Karri: I'll say…
Dileep Karri: Yeah, I can do this. It says schedule.
Dileep Karri: And it is done. I have done my LinkedIn post for tomorrow, right on this call.
Dileep Karri: Okay? It's a very well-researched, it is a very well thought-through post, okay?
Dileep Karri: And, that is how my entire process is. I attached the cheat sheet also, by the way, okay? So, for example.
Dileep Karri: View all scheduled posts. My cheat sheet is on the side.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Would you guys like to look at how we can set this up? Do you want to get a, you know, understanding of how I wrote the skill, what I did, what all I have done over here? Would you guys like to have that?
Dileep Karri: Okay? Let us do it right away.
Dileep Karri: I want to share the… LinkedIn, Writer… skill.
Dileep Karri: of mine.
Dileep Karri: with others.
Dileep Karri: Can you… Pull this required… pings.
Dileep Karri: And… Push it.
Dileep Karri: on the mic.
Dileep Karri: GitHub.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so it… I've already connected my GitHub.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I am setting up the LinkedIn Writer skill.
Dileep Karri: It will generate the README for the repo.
Dileep Karri: AI updates, I use the last 30-day skill. That is how I do it.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so it is set up, so now let me…
Dileep Karri: Go to this, just to see if everything is there.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is my content pillars, this is exactly my hooks framework, etc, and all of that. By the way, this is something that I'm writing in my own voice, okay? So you have to evolve your voice, you have to change your cheat sheet colors.
Dileep Karri: Etc, and all that. So, it posts in your voice, not AI slop, hook frameworks, anti-slop engine, and character limit enforcement.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is not something you should use in a single manner, okay? You have to use it with…
Dileep Karri: Other things also…
Dileep Karri: Basically, you have to use it with the, you know, stop slot, you have to use it with last 30 days. Together, you kind of make it work overall.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it's a claud code skill that writes LinkedIn posts in your voice, not AI slow.
Dileep Karri: Okay? You can check out the skill.md, you'll understand what is the main thing that are there. For example, it tells you exactly how to handle the inputs, what is my kind of the workflow, what is my workflow, what is the hook construction, and what is the character limit, what is the tone calibration, etc, and all that.
Dileep Karri: And how it should be exported.
Dileep Karri: Some references of my style guide, etc, and all that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, stop slot not already baked into… it is baked, it is somewhat baked into it, but always good to run another one, okay? So, there is a style guide.md in which my
Dileep Karri: all the stop-slop kind of things got done with some more things that I have added.
Dileep Karri: So, I have actually kind of combined two, three things. So, whenever I find something, a pattern that I want to eliminate, I keep saying eliminate, overall.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, I have built something called authenticity test, like, would this sound natural if read aloud? Could you identify which sentences were AI-generated? Are there phrases a human would never organically type? So, some more guardrails I have put in the skill, so that I can write very good posts.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is my LinkedIn writer skill. You can check this out.
Dileep Karri: Alright? So…
Dileep Karri: One more, so I have, I think I've told… I told you about last 30-day skill.
Dileep Karri: Which is, a very important, skill that I have used.
Dileep Karri: style guide. So, style guide is already here, right? It is there in the references only.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: But only one thing is, when you use this skill, try to make it your own, try to change the hooks, your references, writing, etc. Don't use the same, because if you use the same, you'll be writing like me, not writing like you. So you'll have to…
Dileep Karri: add those things, so make it… so best way, I will say, I just suggest to you is fork it. I think somebody has already forked it. Let me see who has forked.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I don't think I can see. Anyways, so you can check the… you can see… make the fork of it, and yeah. For those of you who will be forking it, forking is the right manner, so that then you can add your own elements, and, you know, try to make it better.
Dileep Karri: Okay? There is one more, skill that I have built.
Dileep Karri: Okay? That is the other skill. Let me see if I have it.
Dileep Karri: So, there is a skill called Follow Builders.
Dileep Karri: Okay, there is a skill called Follow Builders that I have built, where I monitor the top AI builders on X, the YouTube podcast, and remix their content into digestible summaries.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I have, you know, kind of built this. So why I have forked it, I'll tell you, okay? So, the original, author who has built it, which is Zara Zhang.
Dileep Karri: The way she had built it, right, it uses…
Dileep Karri: a YouTube transcript from Appify.com, okay? It costs money to use a YouTube transcript from Appify.com.
Dileep Karri: Instead, I carry a local Python library that can actually scrape YouTube transcripts. So, it is easier. The other part is, this one runs a cron job, so every day morning, it will run the GitHub workflow to actually get the latest posts of everybody.
Dileep Karri: But I didn't want that, I want it to be used only on demand. So when I call it, I want to use it. So that is the way I will, you know, kind of reduce the tokens that I have.
Dileep Karri: Okay? This one I won't explain. Maybe you can take a look at it. It is about following builders. What I did was, I had some extra builders I wanted to add. The only way was to do, like, a pull request and ask her to add my, my, you know, favorite folks. So instead, what I did, I forked it.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I did a fork, and I added my own builders, and you know, tried to build it the way I want, okay?
Dileep Karri: So…
Dileep Karri: you know, that's the kind of changes that I have made over here. So I added some more builders. It is not updated here, but I added a few more builders that I admire. That is also added. Maybe I will update the README, and, you know, it will kind of make it work.
Dileep Karri: Okay, this is something I've been working on, tinkering on, overall, so a lot of work I have been doing on the skills level. Slowly, I will… so I have not yet entered into the territory of OpenClaw.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I am very cautious about that, because,
Dileep Karri: I tried once, the VPS I was hosting it crashed, okay? So I'm very cautious while doing that, but I think by this month, I should be done with my open claw setup, and
Dileep Karri: After that, I'll… my experiments, I will let you know what is happening.
Dileep Karri: There are a few more things I'm exploring, okay, which I have not yet done completely. One is paperclip.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so Paperclip is… I'm still reading, which is what it is saying, that it is a… if OpenClaw is an employee, Paperclip is the company.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so if you're running OpenClaw, Paperclip is the company which kind of,
Dileep Karri: you know, allows you to run the company, hire the team, approve and run your agent. So it will not allow any agent to run right away, it will approve your agents. The problem for me to implement this is, I have still built only very few agents right now. I have been,
Dileep Karri: Very, very cautious on designing my agents. I take a lot of time. For example, the LinkedIn writer, I took close to 20 days to refine it.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, only then I have been using. Hermes is also there. Paperclip and Hermes is something that has come up with, but both are open source.
Dileep Karri: Paperclip works with OpenClaw, Hermis kind of works alongside OpenClaw, so I'm still exploring that. So once I have gotten a grip on that, maybe I'll do some masterclass on that, and I'll invite all of you to show you what is it that I have been doing on that front.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, one thing, time, right? Very simple, 2 hours of my day is blocked, I go to my office at 12 p.m, okay? So I started from 11.30am, I go to my office at 12pm.
Dileep Karri: Okay? That is how I have been doing all of this stuff. I go to my office at 12pm, and then I kind of get started on that.
Dileep Karri: Alright? So…
Dileep Karri: Then, in office also, one more thing is, I'm kind of working now with the YouTube channel team of Viber, where we are looking at strategy of what we need to build next for Viber, what are the things we need to do next. So with that, I anyway have to keep pace with what is happening, so…
Dileep Karri: Even without work, I have this thing wherein I am spending a good amount of time on building stuff and trying to do a bunch of things.
Dileep Karri: Alright? I think I overshot my time. I don't… I won't have time to create my personal repository, but at least I'll explain to you my mechanism of how I would do that, okay?
Dileep Karri: First is, I need to see the post of… Andre Karpade?
Dileep Karri: became extremely viral, and I'm also fascinated by that. I'll tell you why am I fascinated. So, this is what he talked about, which is LLM knowledge bases, where he talks about how he would ingest the data
Dileep Karri: Okay? It will take 2 hours for me, which is too much for me also. I had a session in the morning. I won't have energy, is what I'm trying to say. Don't worry. I will figure things out here, and maybe I'll come with a masterclass on
Dileep Karri: paperclip with open claw, that is one masterclass I'll do sometime later. Again, you know, right, I do test things thoroughly before I bring it to you, so I will test it thoroughly and come back later on for some masterclass on this. I'll…
Dileep Karri: announce it in the WhatsApp community whenever I'm ready, and you can all come together when we can have a session on the same. Then I will talk to you about knowledge bases, and one more experiment I'm trying to do is, yesterday you learned about
Dileep Karri: auto research, right? You learned a little bit about auto research. I know it's a little tough topic. So, I am trying to work with auto research on self-improving skills.
Dileep Karri: How can I make a skill self-improving?
Dileep Karri: That is what I'm trying to research with auto-research. That is, again, something I am trying to figure out, okay? So these are the experiments that are running on my side.
Dileep Karri: Again, this is something I tell only to you all. I won't tell this on Accelerator or any places, because when I… I'll tell you some recent experiences, okay?
Dileep Karri: one of the recent Accelerator program, we had a pre-orientation, where I did a small half an hour session on, you know, how I use AI as an AI generalist, and I was showing them how I use Claude, et cetera, and all that. One of the learners got super offended.
Dileep Karri: He told me, you are showing… you are showing off, you don't have,
Dileep Karri: you know, any respect for what we know, you are overwhelming us, etc. Of course, 99.5% of people appreciate it. There was one person who felt the other way, which I kind of addressed on the chat.
Dileep Karri: So then I realized that if I have to do cutting-edge stuff, that I can do it very openly and safely with you all, because you understand what is the intent of what we try to do, and why you are here. Accelerator…
Dileep Karri: You know, in the beginning, they are very scared, they're overwhelmed, and that's why they kind of,
Dileep Karri: You know, are, wary of…
Dileep Karri: what we should do there. So, in accelerator, I will be more restrained. I still use my MCP analogy of spouse.
Dileep Karri: Okay, where the kitchen analogy, etc, and all that, that is exactly the same analogy I use even there.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so any cutting-edge stuff, I know that I can openly show you. You know that I'm not trying to show off, I'm trying to just teach you what I have built and, you know, trying to, you know, kind of understand that part.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And now, anyways, now, after my MCP session, they have now, you know, kind of… that's why, that's why I know that I can show you my LinkedIn setup. If I showed my LinkedIn setup.
Dileep Karri: With the skills in the accelerator program, I'm sure I would have gotten a CSAT of 3 or 2.5 at worst. Okay, people will say, I have not understood a single stuff.
Dileep Karri: Right? Whereas in here, I can openly show everything, I can tell you to do this, and you can… I know that you will understand the nuance of it and try to make it your own.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I will come back for this, but I'll tell you exactly what my process is. I'll give you a glimpse of what I'm trying to build.
Dileep Karri: So, I have this, I had this habit of making notes during my 2021-22 COVID days, okay? The COVID days, I used to make this learning journal.
Dileep Karri: So, I used to write weekly notes, I'll just show… open it up and show you what it used to be. Some learnings and bookmarks, some sentence that I liked, some,
Dileep Karri: you know, make money, you know, understanding financial planning, how to… what are mental models, etc, and all that. Okay, so what is the things that I have been doing?
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then, I wrote some other notes.
Dileep Karri: Wherein, how are you making high-risk career choices? Early work, jumping to conclusions?
Dileep Karri: your marketing team is slow, weighing the O2 resilience, or… I forgot about this, actually. This was a very deep article that I was reading, okay?
Dileep Karri: I'll show you this, okay?
Dileep Karri: I'm… I went into some very, deep stuff, okay? This was this poem I had read called The Weighing by Jane Herschel, which is, the heart's reason seemed clearly even the hardest. It will carry its weak marks and sadness and must be forgiven.
Dileep Karri: Okay, very deep poetry it has written. So I had always this thing that I should collect all my notes together and make a knowledge graph.
Dileep Karri: Of what is it that I have written, because they're written on random topics.
Dileep Karri: Okay? It has become a random topics I have written, and I have tagged the topics also.
Dileep Karri: Around, 2021,
Dileep Karri: I had changed my job, and this habit kind of left. Okay, so I tried to revive it in September, but I could not. I keep writing sporadically, so now I want to revise… I want to kind of make a knowledge book.
Dileep Karri: that is there. I want to revisit my knowledge base. So I will make… I was planning to do a little experiment, so I saw this tweet, and I thought, okay, I have written this lot of stuff in 21-22, can I, you know, kind of…
Dileep Karri: you know, do this. For example, I had collected a lot of articles on growth and startups.
Dileep Karri: Okay, which are… anyways, these are old articles, but these are evergreen knowledge. This is not something that I could use. So I want to kind of build a knowledge graph, so that when I'm reading one article, I need to automatically connect another article. It should pop up saying that there is this knowledge nugget that you should study.
Dileep Karri: So, how do I build this self-evolving knowledge graph?
Dileep Karri: Has been a pet project of mine from 2021.
Dileep Karri: I did not have any thought. I even forgot that AI could do it. So Andre Karpathy opened that door for me when I was browsing. Okay, so I want to build this out. So I'll keep experimenting on this, because there are a lot of things I had to figure out. For example, what is my format, etc.
Dileep Karri: So… I just, this morning, I saw this spot.
Dileep Karri: So, there is this builder called Farza.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Who kind of built the personal encyclopedia based on what Andre Karpatay tried to do.
Dileep Karri: Okay, this is a personal encyclopedia, what Andre Karpath did, and this is the personal wiki skill that he has built, okay? I will give it to you, okay?
Dileep Karri: I will share this personal wiki still to all of you, so that you also can check it out and see how they are thinking of the personal knowledge wiki. My idea is to take this as my base and experiment it further, and go deeper within it.
Dileep Karri: of how I can build this personal knowledge wiki and, you know, do the ingestion so that I keep feeding it new stuff that I read, new stuff that I find interesting.
Dileep Karri: Right? And then, you know, I will try to then take this new stuff and build my knowledge, evolving knowledge graphs. Again, I'm not sure how I will do it, where will it reach, how it… I will get there, but who knows where we'll reach, okay?
Dileep Karri: Thanks, I think we can now do some…
Dileep Karri: kind of questions on Slido, and based on Slido, if there is anything interesting I want to show, I'll show you overall. Okay?
Dileep Karri: But the idea is.
Dileep Karri: you know, what I want to tell is, do keep your curiosity alive. Don't try to, you know, to think
Dileep Karri: etc, and all that.
Dileep Karri: that is something we can do. Any sessions on advanced photo or video AI generation included, fine-tuning, AI Accelerators Brief, we want to deep dive into better tools workflows. Feedback taken, we will do another sprint on, say, advanced workflows with video and,
Dileep Karri: audio. What I'll do is we will plan it out. You'll anyways have invites to multiple sessions. We will keep doing additional sessions, you don't have to worry. We will invite you when you do this. I'll take this into consideration.
Dileep Karri: GitHub repos of Skills, I think, already put it on the chat. I think some people can, use it. I'll also… I will share it as part of the resources for today's session, okay? So those, GitHub repos of Skills, I can do.
Dileep Karri: Oh, some Nimita's already shared, by the way.
Dileep Karri: Nimit has already shared it, you can copy it. Nimit, if you can put it on the WhatsApp group also, it'll be there. Nitya, please pick it up from there.
Dileep Karri: Okay, how do you keep a skill from becoming outdated as models improve? See, if the models improve and your skill is getting outdated, I don't think you should really intervene.
Dileep Karri: you know, gracefully retire the skill. You don't require a skill for that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, gracefully retire it, that's what I believe. If your, you know, your robo is very good at cooking, outsource it there. Why do you want to, cook, and, you know, try to do that stuff, right? Outsource it.
Dileep Karri: What are the key best practices for designing and building agentic systems using frameworks like cloud agents and sub, agents?
Dileep Karri: I will share it, okay? So, this is something I'm reading, continuously. I'll tell you 3 things which I have figured out so far from my practice.
Dileep Karri: Number one is…
Dileep Karri: Build it only when you feel there is a requirement. Sometimes I feel people build agents for the sake of it, right? Marketing team agents. I have a SEO agent, I have my SEM agent, okay? Don't go that way.
Dileep Karri: think about your process. What is the part of the process that requires an action and a playbook, okay? What are the actions you need to do, and what is the playbook or rules that you need to have? Action is what your agent does. Playbook is the rules which your skill does.
Dileep Karri: So, divide everything into agent and skill, and do that, okay? By the way, we are not going to plan something beyond catalyst. If we have something, we will let you know.
Dileep Karri: But for now, no plans around that. We want to kind of run this community further and do some interesting stuff. So we want to keep it, like, basically, our vision is make this community an exciting place for people to collab and learn AI stuff continuously, not just like a program. Program is something like a Kickstarter to your engine. You continue learning. In fact.
Dileep Karri: One request is, if any of you
Dileep Karri: Want to do a special session on what you have built
Dileep Karri: or how you have built stuff, etc, and all that, you are more than welcome. We will have you do some sessions for the community, okay? We want to give you a platform wherein you can showcase your work to others, so that it could open up opportunities, or it is also a great personal branding exercise.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, you know, we will, come to you. I'm just waiting for the program to formally complete. Once it is… the sessions are done, we will reach out to you, and anybody interested, we will do some sessions, you can do some sessions for the community, okay?
Dileep Karri: So, number one is decide what is a skill, what is an agent, architect it properly, and go slowly, okay? At least that works what worked for me, because
Dileep Karri: If you are intentional and building it slowly, that is more thorough than anything else.
Dileep Karri: Okay, second thing is, what I feel is, do…
Dileep Karri: Try to evolve your skills so that your agents and sub-agents also evolve, so that you can do the same.
Dileep Karri: Okay, how should one structure the codebase effectively before starting development, particularly for rapid or VIP coding workflows? I think, there is this one report called Superpowers.
Dileep Karri: There is this repo called Superpowers, just check the GitHub repo.
Dileep Karri: I forgot the name of the person, I think it's Obra.
Dileep Karri: Just Google this, Super Powers GitHub OBRA. So, that is, like, a power of how you can brainstorm, how you can structure, exactly, I think Warren has put it, GitHub superpowers.
Dileep Karri: you can… this is… this con… I think, contains the best rules of how to structure your codebase and starting development, how to build everything. All of that is set up in this, okay? Follow this workflow.
Dileep Karri: It would work, and there is one more called UI UX.
Dileep Karri: pro… Skill. There is one more,
Dileep Karri: Request Warren to quickly get this up repo also on the chat.
Dileep Karri: Ui UX Pro Skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay, the… you can look at the number of GitHub starts, it should be many, that is when it is,
Dileep Karri: valid GitHub, repo.
Dileep Karri: Yes, this one. Thanks, Prasad and Jemit. That is exactly the one.
Dileep Karri: Which is the UI UX Pro Max skill, which kind of tells you design guidelines, okay? So the right workflow is…
Dileep Karri: have the superpower skill with the UI UX skill, and in your prompt, explicitly mention that when you're trying to design, you can use SuperDesign21st.dev to get the design inspirations, and then, say, further refine your design with the UI UX Pro skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So you have a designer skill with a developer scrum master kind of skill. Yes, you can find it in skills.sh also.
Dileep Karri: But this is what I found to be very good, okay? I was doing some kind of vibe coding, and I found that this was pretty good in terms of the setup.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: The next question. Why are large enterprises being slow to adopt agentic architectures?
Dileep Karri: So this question, right, I think I'll give you a partial answer, maybe complete answer is somebody who works in enterprise, that's when you should ask, because this is some answer which people have given me.
Dileep Karri: One thing is, you know, even now, people say, this tool is not allowed in my company, so I won't learn it.
Dileep Karri: They kind of tie up their personal learning with what the company is giving them.
Dileep Karri: So that is one of the reasons why, you know, they are slow to adopt, because they wait for the company to introduce. See, adoption happens when people are ready for it, okay? So if you say, I will wait till it is adopted, that is one. Second thing is, people are extremely scared.
Dileep Karri: Okay, in corporate, if I introduce this, if I have a governance, what happens to my data? For example, recently I was in a call, where somebody explained me, can you help me deploy Anthropic locally in my company so that I can use Claude?
Dileep Karri: I said, I cannot do that, you'll have to talk to the anthropic people. He said, but anthropic people are not responding, who will help me?
Dileep Karri: I said, you have to get in touch with Anthropic, they only can solve this problem.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, this has been,
Dileep Karri: exactly what to do. So you… the way you do… solve it is exactly what Srinath mentioned. You build AI champions who champion the cause of AI by showing that this is what you can achieve with AI, and start with a silo project. That means
Dileep Karri: You do a project which is apart from what your company is doing, and show success there, and then you take it forward. That is, I think, exactly what it is. And plus, another thing is, everybody is scared.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so if something happens, what will I do? If something happens, what will I do? For a startup, see, like, for example, Weibar runs OpenClaw on his main system.
Dileep Karri: I asked him, that is too risky, what'll happen? Maximum, what'll happen? Somebody will send one rubbish email from my email account to everybody. That's okay. That is a risk I will take for testing out a few.
Dileep Karri: few other things. So, startups, easy to adopt.
Dileep Karri: enterprises, they'll be slow to adopt, but in India, right, I'm seeing a great adoption. Razorpay has gone agentic.
Dileep Karri: Swiggy, Zomato have gone agentic, so now Razor Pay is telling that you can run your entire business with Razor Pay agents, etc.
Dileep Karri: So, that is exactly what is happening, and Prasad put it extremely correct. Small boat, you can take a U-turn, big boat, you have to turn, you have to, you know, put in a lot of departments together and make turn, but everybody has to turn.
Dileep Karri: Okay, when should I build a skill boost versus a playbook skill?
Dileep Karri: Right, for, example, you know.
Dileep Karri: Which skills, okay, which skills I use every day? I think I showed you, right? All the skills that I showed you is the skills I used every day. The same thing which Nimit actually dropped, right? Those are the skills that I use every day.
Dileep Karri: And that is the one I use day in and day out, so I think I've answered already this question.
Dileep Karri: When should I build a skill boost versus a playbook skill? Wrong question. It is not about skill boost or playbook. What is the problem you have? What is the problem you're trying to solve? Further, what type of skill is required?
Dileep Karri: Okay? The problem, what you're solving, what is the skill required, and that is how you need to build it out. You cannot kind of, you know, say… don't try to say, okay, I want to build a skill boost, I want to build a playbook.
Dileep Karri: You want to build a skill. What problem is it solving? That is exactly, you know, how it is that you should be able to work.
Dileep Karri: What is the workflow for improving a skill iteratively? I think today I just showed you how I improved the skill, right? That is exactly the workflow.
Dileep Karri: Where you create the skill, you ask the AI to evaluate the skill on an evaluation. Based on the evaluation, you ask it what you can improve and improve it. Other way is to kind of take some domain knowledge and ask it to incorporate the domain knowledge and make it improve it overall.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: From… I use Gumloop and Nano Banana for newsletters due to free credits and free GPTs on their platform. From today's class, Gumloop will be Legacy Soul.
Dileep Karri: Nothing is going to be legacy, okay? Don't fail, think in the mindset, okay? That is all for YouTube kickbait.
Dileep Karri: I know YouTube clickbait because,
Dileep Karri: We have been studying it a lot. Unless we say Anthropic is going to be killed, nobody was opening the video, okay? We had to say Anthropic could be killed in our thumbnail so that the video gets opened up.
Dileep Karri: Right? So that is YouTube clickbait, right? So Navila understands the game very well, so you should talk to Navila more about that. But what I'm saying is, if a system works for you, and it is working beautifully for you, don't worry, thinking, okay, Dilip has this workflow, I have to shift it right away.
Dileep Karri: Okay? You have to kind of think in terms of, is this working for me? If it is working for you, do continue to use it. You don't have to worry about it at all. Continue using it in case you have.
Dileep Karri: other things.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Do not have conflicts of AI Masterclass sprint with Alison. We will try our maximum, okay? We will try our maximum. Anyway, our cohort is ending, so there shouldn't be any conflicts overall, but it'll happen only in the weekdays, because weekends we are jam-packed, so weekdays is when it'll happen. It's, like, more like extra menu.
Dileep Karri: Okay? You like a particular part, you come and attend, you don't want, you skip it.
Dileep Karri: Okay, we'll also tag it by saying intermediate, beginner, advanced. So, if you feel beginner is too slow, you can skip the beginner and come to the intermediate or the advanced sessions again. Totally up to you.
Dileep Karri: With rapid evaluation, please recommend career paths for inter-students in India, as they're deeply occupied with competitive exams like MSET, IAT, etc.
Dileep Karri: What I would say is, for, let's see, again, that is also a ship which is turning very slow. In fact, I believe that people at that level, they should learn to use their brain properly. They should learn to use AI less and think on their own.
Dileep Karri: So don't, let them, you know, continue, with respect to, you know, how…
Dileep Karri: For the students who are kind of doing, stuff of all this.
Dileep Karri: First of all, I think the number of career paths have grown exponentially, so they can choose any career path.
Dileep Karri: When we were studying, at least, there was only engineering and doctor, so the question I used to get was, are you going to be an engineer or a doctor? Third career path did not exist.
Dileep Karri: For us, right? So, now is not the case.
Dileep Karri: I feel, and I genuinely tell it from the bottom of the heart.
Dileep Karri: The career paths have become so fluid that it'll change every two years, okay? So, I cannot add… see, if somebody is asking me what is going to be the state of AI in two years, that only I'm not able to answer. What is the state of jobs in two years? I don't have an answer. Genuinely, I don't have, because I don't know how it is going to be.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, that is, exactly, what I believe is.
Dileep Karri: Either one of two things.
Dileep Karri: They will adapt, or they will die. But at least our job is to tell them that this is the world out there.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so, right now, for every mastermind, right, I actually now… so, earlier in the masterminds, when I… I mean, me or Vaibo used to say AI generalist, okay? Of course, a lot of you agree with that, and that's why you joined us, but there were some people, like.
Dileep Karri: You know, they say, because you have a course, you are trying to force-fit this role to this, etc, and all that.
Dileep Karri: That is the kind of comments we used to get.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, that is exactly what, I feel. So, therefore, what I believe is, you know, for at least them, tell that careers are going to change, okay? Be prepared. At least, you know.
Dileep Karri: whoever, you have the younger folks, make them attend our mastermind. No need to make the program, let them attend the mastermind so that they are aware of the possibilities, and then from there on, they will continue to chart their own paths.
Dileep Karri: Right?
Dileep Karri: Exactly, any other questions? Yeah.
Dileep Karri: As you come towards the end of the program, what should be the ideal next steps? Nothing. Your learning is going to continue. There's a lot of sprints, master classes, etc. that you are going to conduct, with some
Dileep Karri: So, waiting for the catalyst community also to go back, so that we have a good audience for, you know, more deeper sessions, which we will try to do for you folks also, which will be
Dileep Karri: once a month is what I'm planning. Again, no design yet, no plan yet, figuring it out as we go by, so that your learning continues with the sprints, masterclasses.
Dileep Karri: and the other things that you have done. Try to implement things you have learned, try to, you know, do… push the parameters of AI and do some crazy stuff, and keep coming back and teach us, saying that, you know, this is what you have done with AI, so that we can learn from you what you have been doing with AI all through.
Dileep Karri: Any recommendations on using YouTube as a lead magnet?
Dileep Karri: What I believe there is,
Dileep Karri: If it's a very big channel, or a small channel, etc, try to figure out that one property you can get people to where they can experience value. That's it. Don't overthink there.
Dileep Karri: Don't try to sell things to them directly. Try to get them to a place where they can experience a value, like download a brochure, take an e-book, etc, and all that, and that is exactly how you could,
Dileep Karri: You know, kind of, be available.
Dileep Karri: Okay? What is the best way to systematically convert personal domain experience into a reusable AI playbook with Evals?
Dileep Karri: I think I showed you, right, whatever I showed you is a very systematic method to kind of do that. Another way to do that is, I'll give you a simple hack.
Dileep Karri: open WhisperFlow or any voice-to-text kind of a thing, and dictate all of your domain knowledge, your domain expertise, that you want to use.
Dileep Karri: make it into a document, and add that as part of your prompt, and say, this domain expertise, I want to extract the evaluations, extract the playbook part, what is a playbook, what cannot be a playbook, tell me, and then try to build it completely.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Attend all sessions, not practical. I understand, okay? We… that is the idea, okay? So, there are some sessions that we held back because we thought people won't understand, or people will do this. That's why we have bringing the sprints and master classes.
Dileep Karri: We are still figuring it out. To be very frank, we thought about it in the last week, and we just got started there, okay? So we're still figuring it out. We will systematically say, we thought, like, first, let us start, then we will figure out what are the logistics there. So bear with us, we will sort it out eventually.
Dileep Karri: Just wondering what should we do for the products we have built now that we are in the major league? So now that you know, you know how to take it into the world, right? So that's where I'm thinking of what sessions could help you.
Dileep Karri: On that level, some kind of GTM sessions, etc, and everything. So, you can just DM me, you can write an email to me on dilip at growthschool.io.
Dileep Karri: So my outskill email, right, it became, like, too much of spam. So, if you want to write to me, right, I just put my email in the chat.
Dileep Karri: Because in the mastermind, I give the outskilled email. They're just bombarding with emails, and important emails are getting missed over there. So, I'm just giving this other email. This is not given to everybody, so you can just write an email to me with your thoughts, your ideas on what sessions
Dileep Karri: You would like to see in the future, so that, you know.
Dileep Karri: You know, kind of,
Dileep Karri: You can, we can pick something, okay? I won't say 100% water suggested we are going to do, but at least I'll take it into consideration, okay? Keep sending your ideas, your thoughts, and we will, do that.
Dileep Karri: I request you to cover WhatsApp integration as well. It's the most followed chat app and will be useful in recurving many real-time day-to-day tasks. Got it? See, in WhatsApp, right, OpenClaw, you can connect your WhatsApp account, I think that is there. You can connect WhatsApp with OpenClaw easily.
Dileep Karri: And if you are thinking OpenClaw was too much of a hassle, there is one more platform called GenClaw, which is GenSpot's OpenClaw
Dileep Karri: posting instance that is much simpler. So, if you want a simpler setup, I would advise you to check.
Dileep Karri: you know, kind of GenSpark claw. I found it, the interface is very good, a little costlier than OpenClaw, but I think for people who want to quickly get set up and start doing things, this is a great way to do that.
Dileep Karri: What, why enterprises are asking co-pilot experience instead of specific, say, cloud code skills? I come across
Dileep Karri: Many of the roles that companies are recruiting. See, because of, see, Microsoft 365, if you take, you get GitHub Copilot, you get Copilot Studio, etc, so people don't want to invest on another tool.
Dileep Karri: That's why people are asking co-pilot skills, but a lot of skills that you read on cloud code is transferable there also, because whatever you're doing there, some similar things they are also built. Everybody is having the same features.
Dileep Karri: Even if not right now, in 3-4 months, I can assure you, you look at codecs, you look at Cloud Code, you look at GitHub Copilot, you will feel everything is exactly the same. There's nothing like a change overall.
Dileep Karri: It will actually become like Microsoft and Google. Microsoft Document Ecosystem, Google Workbase space ecosystem, you look at it, both are 90% the same, 10%, some overlaps are there.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: In your opinion, what level of programming proficiency, if any, would be essential in order to maximize the product to use of AI? I think…
Dileep Karri: See, what I believe is, if you want to become a great builder, you don't have to know how to write programs, you know, you need to know how to read the programs.
Dileep Karri: Okay? They have to, write… you should just be able to understand the program, okay? So whenever you get a codebase.
Dileep Karri: do run this prompt on Clod Code or whichever platform you're working with, where you say, look at this code, understand it step by step, and as I'm a non-technical person who doesn't understand what the code is, can you give it to me like a logical workflow of what each function is doing, why this function is present, and how my problem is getting solved by an interconnection of function calls.
Dileep Karri: So, once you do that, you will see programming is nothing but a systematic way of putting the logic.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So how are you building out that logic map?
Dileep Karri: That is exactly what you need to map out.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: That's exactly it.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, thank you, folks.
Dileep Karri: I think,
Dileep Karri: Olama integrated OpenClaw… yes, Olama is integrated OpenClaw also. You can upgrade and try to use it also, so you can check that part out.
Dileep Karri: Okay… Cool, thanks, thanks always, always.
Dileep Karri: you know, I look forward to doing sessions with the Catalyst cohort.
Dileep Karri: I can… I don't have to hold myself back, I can just go full force.
Dileep Karri: Thank you, thank you, folks. Have a great one.
Dileep Karri: I think there's one more happening right now. There is another happening, right now, another catish cohort is going on.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Got it, got it.
Dileep Karri: I'm a district.
Dileep Karri: All right, awesome, awesome. Looking forward to meet all of you folks.
Dileep Karri: And, one thing is,
Dileep Karri: Some people are asking anybody who cannot attend in person, etc. One thing is, I'm not sure, because we want to do this event a little bit differently, hybrid is always tricky, okay? Because hybrid, you have people in front of you, and there are people on the screen, it is very tough to manage.
Dileep Karri: So that's why, when we have some corporate requirements and people say, do hybrid, we tell them, we'll either do offline or we'll do online.
Dileep Karri: Hybrid is not the cup of tea. But still, I understand that you want to interact everything. We will think of a curated experience, wherein we will say, hey, come join us at this time, come join us here, etc, and all that. We will try to
Dileep Karri: think of a way to engage even the online folks, something like that. We will try it out. But expect that when we say a time, we might not adhere to it, because offline logistics will be difficult. So, you know, you'll have to forgive us in terms of the time placements, etc.
Dileep Karri: But we will see what we can definitely do, okay? We will definitely try to accommodate the online folks, but
Dileep Karri: Do understand that, you know, you can actually see that.
Dileep Karri: Some recording. So, learning sessions, we won't have any kind of too much of learning sessions in the, this thing. All your learning sessions will happen online. Even if you do something, we'll ensure that we repeat it online so that people are not missing out, or you kind of, you know, everything, right? Do let us know in advance, there are a lot of logistics we have to take care, so
Dileep Karri: A lot of permissions to take, so do let us know as much as in advance as possible.
Dileep Karri: If you are kind of defaulting to not coming, so registering, we will share a form so that we know that who is coming, who is not, etc. So we will, definitely try to do that.
Dileep Karri: But would love all of you, as many as possible of you. Again, I know geopolitical situations are there where it is not very difficult for a few people to travel. I completely understand that part. And therefore, what I'm saying is, when the situation eases, if we have another meetup kind of coming in, I'll make sure to intimate you folks, so that if you want to come in, you can come down and meet us.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So whoever cannot come due to the current situation, don't worry. We understand that there are things changing, so when we have the, you know, next,
Dileep Karri: part. We will, definitely re-inform you so that you can come down. Those who could not travel this time, you can come back next time. So we will, try to, definitely, arrange that, okay? So we would love for at least Catalyst Cohort 1, I would love to meet as many of you in Fay.
Dileep Karri: face to face.
Dileep Karri: If I'm not able to meet, I'll at least… whenever I'm traveling to a city, I'll at least let it put in the catalyst community, hey, I have traveled here, anybody around, etc, so that
Dileep Karri: we can meet that. But anyways, what I'm saying is, don't worry about the geopolitical situation. As far as possible, you can come, right? If you are unable to.
Dileep Karri: Right? We will definitely extend an invite to the next edition so that you can make it and come, etc.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Awesome. And definitely, all my help and support is going to be there.
Dileep Karri: And if me physically traveling is going to be difficult, again, same reason. If X can't travel to Y, Y cannot travel to X, okay? But virtually, anything, like, you want me to come on a meeting and, you know, talk to you guys, do something with you.
Dileep Karri: when whatever you're planning there, I'm more than happy to drop in and give a shout out, okay?
Dileep Karri: Thank you, everyone. You know, kind of really appreciate that. I'll try to see if I can come back
Dileep Karri: You know, somebody's asking if I can come back next week. No promises there, because I don't know how every week is looking like, but definitely, I am around, okay? You can definitely be here, okay? Thanks, have a great one, and we'll keep staying in touch. Do attend all the masterclasses and sprints.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Thank you, everyone. And anyways, I'll keep coming regularly for the Masterclass sprint, so you'll keep seeing me. It's not that we are done anyways.
Dileep Karri: Okay, thank you. Have a great one.